Please provide a brief description of your interaction with the applicant and, if applicable, the applicant’s role in your organization. (Up to 50 words)

I know Ravi from past 4 years. I interviewed him for Hyundai Mobis recruitment in August 2015. I was his Module lead when he worked on Electric Vehicle project, now I am Ravi’s Project Lead for Voice-Controlled infotainment system project. Currently Ravi is working in the role of Technical Lead.























How does the performance of the applicant compare to that of other well-qualified individuals in similar roles? (E.g. what are the applicant’s principal strengths?) (Up to 500 words)

Ravi’s performance has exceeded all the expectations we had on him when we took him in our team. In my first interaction only I realized he is a special talent. When everyone is reading out their resume for “Tell me about yourself” question in interview, Ravi talked about his passion for Electric Vehicles. I was very impressed by his clarity of thought and requested my Senior Manager to take Ravi into our team.
From then to this day he has set his own standards in the organization. When our Electric Vehicle project was in trouble, Ravi took the responsibility even though it is high-risk as the image of the Indian R&D center is at stake. He became the youngest employee in the organization who traveled to Head Quarters and handled a project. His efforts helped us gain to the EV project. He also created his own testing process for this project which saved lot of man-hours and is adopted by team across the organization. Apart from this, he continuously comes up with new product ideas and process improvements in the team. For all his contributions he was given the role of Technical Lead in just two years. This is a big achievement because his peers took 3-4 years to become Technical Leads. His idea of creating a voice-controlled infotainment system is under development now and is considered for production by the higher management.
I think Ravi’s principal strengths are willingness to take challenges, ability to influence people and thinking creatively about new features and products. These helped Ravi standout among other-well qualified individuals in similar roles.
Apart from project work, Ravi also contributed to the team dynamics by starting team building activities and newsletters. People in the team likes how he can talk about everything under the Sun. He is also enthusiastic about interacting with people and learning from them. I realized this when he volunteered to mentor new joiners and said he can learn a lot from their fresh ideas. In another instance he requested me to provide him a seat in the interview panel when I go for recruitment. These interactions earned him respect among his juniors and he is looked up to in difficult situations more when compared to his peers. During his stay in South Korea, Ravi also developed a strong trust and personal relationship with South Korean team in headquarters.
Another aspect in which Ravi stands out is he is not afraid to question the status quo. He stands strong on something he feels right and he is not afraid to ask right questions in meetings.
Overall, Ravi is a natural leader, thorough professional and lively individual to have in a team. In our organization he is considered as a league above his peers and is a key resource. For example, after Ravi moved to another project from the Electric Vehicle project we needed 2 people to replace him. I personally think Ravi is the most outstanding employee I worked with in my 9 years of experience.





Describe the most important piece of constructive feedback you have given the applicant. Please detail the circumstances and the applicant’s response. (Up to 500 words)

Ravi usually comes up with a lot of product ideas and eagerly wants them to be implemented. But when he proposed those ideas to the higher management, they used to decline his ideas stating that they are not feasible. I saw Ravi getting disappointed in such situations and sometimes losing interest in proposing new ideas.
Observing this, I spoke to Ravi and made him understand that his approach is not correct. I made him realize that higher management looks into various aspects like Finances, Development timeline, Market and presenting a raw idea will not work. I suggested him to polish his ideas and to try to take into account other factors before taking the idea before higher management.
After this, I observed a noticeable difference in his approach. Before presenting an idea, he started creating detailed implementation plan with timelines, number of workforce, technologies required etc. Even though he did not get into details like budgeting, market research etc., his ideas seemed more achievable from a technical point of view. With this, the management started having healthy discussions with him rather than rejecting the ideas directly. He also came up with Idea Bank forum where everyone shared their ideas and discussions happened on possible implementations of ideas.
One of his biggest initiatives is creating a voice-controlled infotainment system. He even developed a working prototype for this before presenting the idea to management. This is officially adopted as a project and will go into production in 2021. I see that he took the suggestion in a positive manner and changed himself.
When he told me about his decision to pursue Business education, I was very happy because I knew that this education will help him to become a complete professional. He always wanted to create products and features which significantly change people’s lives. He has all the technical skills and addition of Business education will help him achieve his dreams. While he was explaining me his decision about MBA, I saw in him the same clarity of thought which he showed in Mobis interview. I feel that he clearly knows what he wants. 
I fully support Ravi in his decision to gain skills that help him achieve his goals and looking forward to his success.
